I don't give a fuck about no politics in rap, my niggaMy lil' homie Stunna Deuce ain't never comin back, my niggaSo you better go hard every time you jump on wax, my niggaFUCK what they talkin 'bout, yo' shit is where it's at, my niggaCame in this game, you stuck yo' fangs in this gameYou wore no chain in this game, yo' hood, yo' name in this gameNow you double up, time to bubble up the bread and huddle upStickin to the scripts, now hip, them Benjamins gon' cuddle upSkip - hop - drip - dropFlip - flop with the white tube sockIt goes That's what the product smell like when the chemicals mix50 nigga salute, out the Compton Zoo, with the extrasEl Cos, Monte Carlos, Road Kings and dressersRip Ridaz, P-Funkers, Mexicans, they FUCK with youAsians, they FUCK with you, nobody can't FUCK with youHopped out the Caddy, just got my dick suckedThe little homies called, they said, "The enemies done cliqued up"Oh YEAH? Puto want to squabble with mi barrio?Oh YEAH? Tell 'em they can run it for the cardioOh YEAH? Everything is everything, it's scandalousSlow motion for the ambulance, the project filled with camerasThe LAPD gamblin, scramblin, football numbers slanderinNiggaz name on paper, you snitched all summerStreets don't fail me now...They tell me it's a new gang in town....From Compton - to Congress, set trippin all aroundAin't nothin' new but a flow of new Demo-Crips and Re-Blood-licansRed state versus a blue state, which one you governin?They give us guns and drugs, call us thugs, make it they promise to fuck with youNo condom they fuck with you, Obama say, "What it Do?"Everybody wanna talk about who this and who thatWho the realest and who wack, or who white and who blackCritics want to mention that they miss when hip-hop was rappinMotherfucker if you did, then Killer Mike'd be platinumY'all priorities fucked up, put energy in wrong shitHennessy and Crown Vic, my memory been gone sinceDon't ask about no camera blockin at award showsNo don't ask about my bitch, no don't ask about my foes'Less you askin me about power, yeah I got a lot of itI'm the only nigga next to Snoop that can push the buttonHad the Coast on standby ‰ÛÏK. Dot, what up? I heard they opened up Pandora's box, I box 'em all in, by a landslide"Nah homie we too sensitive, it spill out to the streetsI make the call and get the coast involved then history repeatsBut I resolved inside that private hall while sittin down with JayHe said "It's funny how one verse could fuck up the game"