Do you believe in me? Are you deceivin' me?Could I let you down easily? Is your heart where it need to be?Is your smile on permanent? Is your vow on lifetime?Would you know where the sermon is if I died in this next line?If I'm tried in a court of law, if the industry cut me offIf the government want me dead, plant cocaine in my carWould you judge me a drug kid or see me as K. Lamaror question my character and degrade me on every blog?Want you to love me like Nelson, want you to hug me like NelsonI freed you from being a slave in your mind, you're very welcomeYou tell me my song is more than a song, it's surely a blessingBut a prophet ain't a prophet 'til they ask you this questionDo you believe in me? How much you believe in her?You think she gon' stick around if them 25 years occur?You think he can hold you down when you down behind bars hurt?You think y'all on common ground if you promise to be there first?Can you be immortalised without your life being expired?Even though you share the same blood, is it worth the time?Like who got your best interest? Like how much are you dependent?How clutch are the people that say they love you and who pretendin'?How tough is your skin when they turn you in? Do you show forgiveness?What brush do you bend when dustin' your shoulders from bein' offended?What kind of den did they put you in when the lions start hissin'?What kind of bridge did they burn? Revenge on your mind when it's mentioned?You wanna love like Nelson, you wanna be like NelsonYou wanna walk in in his shoes but you peace-makin' seldomYou wanna be remembered that delivered the messageThat considered the blessing of everyone, this your lesson for everyone, sayI been wrote off before, I got abandonment issuesI hold grudges like bad judges, don't let me resent youThat's not Nelson-like, want you to love me like NelsonI went to Robben's Island analyzin', that's where his cell isSo I could find clarity, like how much you cherish me?Is this relationship a fake or real as the heavens be?See I got to question it all, family, friends, fans, cats, dogsTrees, plants, grass, how the wind blow?Murphy's Law, generation X, will I ever be your X?Floss off a baby step, mauled by the mouth of pitbulls, put me under stressCrawled under rocks, ducking y'all, it‰Ûªs respectBut then tomorrow, put my back against the wallHow many leaders you said you needed then left 'em for dead?Is it Moses? Is it Huey Newton or Detroit Red?Is it Martin Luther, JFK, shooter, you assassin?Is it Jackie? Is it Jesse? Oh I know, it's Michael JacksonOh when shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?That nigga gave us "Billie Jean", you say he touched those kids?When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?