I place blame on you still, place shame on you stillFeel like you ain't shit, feel like you don't feelconfidence in yourself, breakin on marble floorsWatchin anonymous strangers tellin me that I'm yoursBut you ain't shit I'm convinced your tolerance nothin specialWhat can I blame you for? Nigga, I can name severalsituation had stopped with your little sister bakinA baby inside, just a teenager, where's your patience?Where's your antennas, where is the influence you speak of?You preached in front of 100,000 but never reached herI fuckin tell you, you fuckin failure, YOU AIN'T NO LEADER!I never liked you, forever despise you, I DON'T NEED YOU!The world don't need you, don't let them deceive youNumbers lie too, fuck your pride too, that's for dedicationThought money would change you, made you more complacentI fuckin hate you, I hope you embrace it, I swear...Are you the reason why momma and 'nem leavin?No you ain't shit, you say you love 'em, I know you don't mean itI know you're irresponsible, selfish, in denial, can't help itYour trials and tribulations a burden, everyone felt itEveryone heard it, multiple shots, corners cryin outYou was deserted, where was your antennas again?Where was yo' presence, where was yo' support that you pretend?You ain‰Ûªt no brother, you ain‰Ûªt no disciple, you ain‰Ûªt no friendA friend never leave Compton for profit, or leave his best friendLil' brother, you promised you'd watch him before they shot himWhere was your antennas? On the road, bottles and bitchesYou faced time the one time, that's unforgivenYou even Facetimed instead of a hospital visitYou should thought he would recover well...Third surgery, they couldn't stop the bleeding, for realThen he died, God himself will say "You fuckin failed! You ain't try!"I know yo' secrets nigga, mood swings is frequent, niggaI know depression is restin on yo' heart for two reasons, niggaI know you and a couple block boys ain't been speakin, niggaY'all damn near beefin, I seen it and you're the reason, niggaAnd if this bottle could talk I cry myself to sleep, bitch everything is your faultFaults breakin to pieces, earthquakes on every weekendBecause you shook as soon as you knew confinement was neededI know yo' secrets, don't let me tell them to the worldabout that shit you thinkin, and that time you I'm 'bout to hurlI'm fucked up, but I ain't as fucked up as youYou just can't get right, I think yo' heart made of bulletproofShoulda killed yo' ass a long time agoYou shoulda felt that black Revolver blast a long time agoAnd if those mirrors could talk, it would say "You GOTTA go!!"And if I told your secrets, the world'll know money can't stop a suicidal weakness